Suzuka-san, why…
Come in.
Do you have some time right now, Pony-chan?
Yeah.
You've gotten a call from
El Condor Pasa in France.
El-chan?
Hello?
Hmm? I thought you'd be depressed
after you lost to Grass,
but you sound like
you're doing well.
Guess I didn't need to call you.
You were worried about me?
Thank you.
Are you doing well, El-chan?
Are you eating well?
I'm doing great!
I've been working on bulking up
for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe,
and I've gotten even bigger now.
El-chan, you know exactly
what you want, don't you?
Of course!
I'm going to win in the Prix de
l'Arc de Triomphe, no matter what.
That's why I want you to tell Suzuka-san
that she'll be able to win again,
since she beat me in the past,
and I'm really good.
Y-Yeah, I'll tell her.
Anyway, make sure you don't get sick or hurt.
Sure! Talk to you later.
I guess there isn't anything
else I can do for her.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 9
Dreams of Spica
You're going to be the best
horse girl in Japan, right?
You don't have time to pay
attention to other things.
That's right.
I guess telling her not to worry
about Suzuka wouldn't help.
Summer Dream
Trophy Special
Team Rigil Trainer
Toujou Hana
Exclusive interview!
My team is all over the place right now.
Hey, Suzuka.
Hey.
What did the doctor say?
My leg seems to be all better now.
I see.
Then you're completely recovered.
Just in time for our training camp.
Hmm?
What's wrong?
I wonder if I'm getting in the way.
In the way?
Others are slowing down so that
I can keep up with them,
and as a result, they're
holding themselves back.
You mean Spe?
You too, Trainer-san.
You've been watching after
me constantly lately.
You don't need to worry about that.
R-Right.
It's the ocean!
I wanna see, too!
You two are like kids.
I don't like the beach because
sea breeze damages the skin.
Yeah.
This hotel's amazing!
This is pretty nice.
That's…
The girls from Rigil!
They're doing a training camp, too?!
Really?!
I finally get to be with the president!
There's a chance we'll get to see them run
from up close since we're at the same hotel.
Hey, where are you going?
We're staying over there.
What?
You're kidding, right?
It's pretty run down…
Meet up at the front after
you drop off your stuff.
Seriously?
Team A
Special Week
Vodka
Tokai Teio
Mejiro McQueen
Huh? What's this?
Team B
Silence Suzuka
Gold Ship
Daiwa Scarlet
What's going on?
Teams?
We're going to do this summer's
training camp in two teams.
Two teams…
I'm on a different team from Suzuka-san.
And the theme for this camp is…
No Being Friends
"No being friends"?
I want the two teams to
compete against each other,
and focus on training.
We're having a match on
the last day of the camp.
That's all.
One… two…
Why can't we be friends?
Actually, did we ever get along?
Well, at the bare minimum,
Scarlet and I haven't gotten along.
But…
Gensen Kakenagashi
Quality Hot Springs
Why are you looking my way?
Well, you know…
You call that being friendly?!
Yeah, I do.
Yeah.
I wonder if that means Suzuka-san
and I were getting along.
I'd imagine so.
Is that a bad thing?
Spe-chan, I know you're worried about Suzuka,
but you need to focus right now.
Yeah.
Gold Ship isn't here right now, either.
Let's all have fun running.
Yeah!
Come on, Spe-chan. Let's go.
Her leg has healed, right?
Yeah, but she doesn't want to
get in our way, supposedly.
Huh? In our way?
Hey!
Let's run together.
It's boring running by yourself, isn't it?
Or is your leg still…
It doesn't hurt at all.
It doesn't hurt, but…
Are you okay?
Yeah, just leave me alone for a bit.
Unjoukaku
I can't eat any more…
I simply couldn't eat another bite…
I just can't eat more…
I can't eat any more…
Naw, not eating any more…
Hi, trainer!
Sorry for bothering you while training.
El, it's Rudolf.
Prez! What's up?
Suzuka has a message for you.
She says, "Thank you."
Suzuka-san's all fired up, huh?
Now I really can't lose the
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
That's the spirit.
Oh, yeah, the other day, I met Broye.
Broye?
You mean the the horse girl they
call the best in Europe?
Yeah!
Thank you, everyone.
Broye
Don't push, everyone.
Broye!
Broye! Broye!
Hey, Broye!
Um… How are do you do?
I'm feeling great.
She signed this.
She thought you were a fan, huh?
Seems so.
But this could be a chance for me.
If she doesn't know me, then I
might be able to surprise her.
El?
Huh?
Could you give me another
good look at her autograph?
Sure…
See you later!
I won't lose to you, McQueen!
I need to stop worrying about Suzuka-san.
But the more I think,
the more worried I get!
Man…
Trainer-san…
Hmm?
What is it?
Do you have a moment?
You can't run at full speed?
Yeah.
Are you scared?
I keep thinking I might hurt myself again.
So it's a mental thing.
Trainer-san, you told me in the hospital…
You said that you didn't know if I'd be able
to race again, even if my leg healed.
Yeah.
This is what you were talking about, huh?
I'm going to have to do a
make-or-break move with this one…
In order to push her to her limits…
Oh? That's what you're going with?
Lowest
Card
I'm not folding.
Lowest
Card
And why are all of you so confident?
Lowest
Card
Second-Lowest
What are you doing, Spe-chan?
Huh?
Are you listening, Spe-chan?
I think you should call.
Yeah…
I'm going to win!
All right, now that you've
all gotten changed…
I'm going to have you two teams have a match.
We get to have a match on the beach?
That sounds like fun!
It won't be that easy.
We're having a triathlon.
Huh?
A t-triathlon?
You're going to swim
to that island over there,
take a lap on a bicycle,
and then run to the goal
at the bottom of the mountain.
The training camp was fun.
The food was pretty good, too.
Wait!
I'm giving the team that takes first
a voucher for the dessert buffet
at the hotel Rigil's staying at.
Dessert…
…buffet?!
Now, everyone, let's have fun!
Get ready—
Everyone's waiting for you to come back,
Suzuka.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
This is a serious match!
Push yourselves and win!
I won't let you!
Dessert buffet!
Get out of the way!
I'm not losing to you, McQueen!
Hey!
We're on the same team.
That doesn't matter!
Hey, are Spe and Suzuka okay?
I wonder if they're exhausted.
Do you have time to worry about someone else?
Hey, wait up!
Those guys…
Suzuka-san!
Spe…
What are you doing?
I'm going to help Suzuka-san.
Are you going to stop in
the middle of a race?!
Suzuka, is this the best you can do?!
What was your promise about?!
I'm going to make you keep your
promise of running with me.
I want to see you two race together
and fight each other for first.
That's my dream right now!
You two want to help each other, right?
Then think of each other as rivals,
and lift each other up!
Rivals…
Spe, you want Suzuka
to race again, don't you?
Yeah!
Then run the hardest you can!
You're supposed to give her
a target to catch up to!
Suzuka, if you want to race again,
then you have to stop being scared!
Don't be afraid to catch up to everyone!
Right!
Suzuka-san…
I'm going to keep running.
Being Suzuka-san's rival…
That's something I can do for her!
Spe-chan, I'm not going to lose.
I hope those two are okay.
What? No way!
Oh no!
They're finally really coming at us!
That's the way it's gotta be!
No way!
But I'm not letting you pass!
I can go faster!
That's right.
This is the feeling…
We can't catch up!
Now that's Suzuka!
Huh?
I need to stop…
I…
I can't stop!
Neither can we!
Are you guys okay?!
Are you okay?!
You guys are so dumb!
It's been a while since
I've laughed this much.
I was able to run.
Both teams were disqualified,
but we all still get the prize!
The trainer's a good guy sometimes.
It was my first time seeing
Suzuka-san like that.
"I can't stop!"
Hey.
Trainer-san, I'm going
to run with Suzuka-san.
I'm going to make your dream come true.
Um, are you listening?
Trainer, is the food so good you want to cry?
I…
I want to see a race where
all of you can participate!
An exciting race like we had today!
You're going to fight each other as rivals,
help each other get better,
and then beat everyone!
Team Spica is just getting started!
Right!
Is it time yet?
Almost.
The trainer couldn't come
into the girls' dorm, huh?
The horse girls await the race
in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Even abroad, Japan's
El Condor Pasa is very popular.
She's like a movie star!
I'm so jealous! She gets to run with
everyone in the world watching her!
Win, El.
Broye gave El her signature,
but what do you think she wrote?
Just tell me already.
"I can fly faster than you, Condor."
I wonder if Broye's confidence will last.
I want to see how strong I am.
I'm going to beat Broye and show
that I'm the best in the world.
All the horse girls are entering their gates.
The race has started!
She's off to a good start!
Pretty good.
She's better at getting
off the line than you.
Hiss!
El Condor Pasa is taking a decisive lead!
She's in front of the pack
by a horse length!
Is El going stay in the lead?
She's always in the middle, isn't she?
Unlike in Japan, it's hard to get
out front once you're surrounded.
It's a good plan.
El-chan looks like she's having fun.
Yeah.
They're making the third turn,
and El Condor Pasa leads
by three horse lengths.
Broye is in the middle of the pack.
El Condor Pasa is in the lead,
with thirteen horse girls following her!
I can't watch!
Keep going!
No, get further ahead!
The stretch at the end is long!
You can do it!
They're making the fourth turn,
and there are 500 meters left.
El Condor Pasa is in the lead!
El Condor Pasa is in the
lead by two horse lengths!
They'll fight it out in the stretch!
You're almost the best in the world!
Go!
El! El!
It's Broye.
She's made her move.
One hundred meters left!
They're battling it out!
Broye's moved up!
Pull away from her, El!
Broye's taken the lead!
Broye's first over the finish line!
El Condor Pasa's come in second!
El Condor Pasa tried real hard out there,
but in the last moments…
Japan fell to France's Broye at the end.
You were amazing.
That was an great race, wasn't it, Spe-chan?
Wow, El-chan. You were really cool.
Special Week…
President-san…
Do you want to talk to her, too?
El Condor Pasa
Sure!
Hello?
Spe-chan, were you watching?
Yeah, I was!
It's amazing you came in second!
I was in the lead until the end!
Yeah!
It felt great out there.
I was in the lead at 100 meters,
and I saw the finish line fifty meters out.
Yeah?
It was so close!
Yeah!
The world… was right in front of my eyes.
El Condor Pasa
I was so close…
El-chan…
El Condor Pasa
Are you going somewhere?
I'm going to run!
This late?
I'll go with you.
In a dash, in a flash,
just a little more now,
each new race like a dream neverending
Every one of us will blaze a
trail aimed right for the stars
Together we'll run! Let's
go! Our starting gate!
With curiosity in hand, go tug
on tomorrow's tail and say hello
It's right there, so go on and close
the gap now (Right here and now!)
Can't play by the rules they tell
you! Gotta learn it all by experience!
If we just plan to run for the
end, everything will turn out okay!
Can't get me down,
hesitate, or go too slowly!
We know that deep in our hearts is a song
that sings "give it your all"! Make it shine!
In a dash, in a flash, just a
little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
every step like the wind
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
A twinkling star that we wear
on our sleeves (But only one!)
Let's let our hearts race
together as one! (Grow up! Shine!)
One more step, one more push,
just a little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
each new race like a dream
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
Every one of us will see
our path to the very end!
Let's run now, everyone!
Let's go! Our starting gate!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm